backend-Idata2306/README.md, before:

# IDATA2301_IDATA2306_GROUP_7

---

## Project Overview
This project is a full-stack web application using Spring Boot for the backend and React for the frontend. It provides a REST API for data management and a user-friendly interface for interacting with the application.

---

## Project members
| Name   | GitHub-Username |
| ------ | --------------- |
| Adrian | Osterie         |
| Daniel | Pizzaester      |
| Tobias | TobyJavascript  |

---

## Getting started

### Installing Maven
1. Download Maven from the official website: [https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)
2. Extract the downloaded archive and add the `bin` directory to your system's `PATH`.
3. Verify the installation by running:
   ```sh
   mvn -version
   ```

### Java (version 21 or higher)
1. Download and install Java 21 or a newer version from the official website: [https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html)
2. Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to point to your Java installation.
3. Verify the installation by running:
   ```sh
   java -version
   ```

### Enviroment variables

Below are the required environment variables for the backend:

| Variable Name       | Description                                                                                    |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `DATABASE_HOST`     | Hostname or IP of the database (localhost if you run it locally)                               |
| `DATABASE_USERNAME` | Username to connect to database (if your are running locally, username to your mysql database) |
| `DATABASE_PASSWORD` | Password for the database user (if your are running locally, password to your mysql database)  |
| `DATABASE_PORT`     | Database port number (by default 3306)                                                         |
| `DATABASE_NAME`     | Name of the database (flight_application)                                                      |
| `JWT_SECRET_KEY`    | Secret key for JWT signing                                                                     |

---

### Launching project
1. Open a terminal at the **pom.xml** level.
2. Run the following command:
   ```sh
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```
---

Commit message:

User no longer able to purhcase more tickets than tickets available. Added how to setup database in readmes

backend-Idata2306/README.md, after:

# IDATA2301_IDATA2306_GROUP_7

---

## Project Overview
This project is a full-stack web application using Spring Boot for the backend and React for the frontend. It provides a REST API for data management and a user-friendly interface for interacting with the application.

---

## Project members
| Name   | GitHub-Username |
| ------ | --------------- |
| Adrian | Osterie         |
| Daniel | Pizzaester      |
| Tobias | TobyJavascript  |

---

## Getting started

### Installing Maven
1. Download Maven from the official website: [https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)
2. Extract the downloaded archive and add the `bin` directory to your system's `PATH`.
3. Verify the installation by running:
   ```sh
   mvn -version
   ```

### Java (version 21 or higher)
1. Download and install Java 21 or a newer version from the official website: [https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html)
2. Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to point to your Java installation.
3. Verify the installation by running:
   ```sh
   java -version
   ```

### Database
1. Install MySQL or on your local machine.
2. Create a new database named `flight_application`.
3. Create a user with the necessary privileges to access the database.
4. Make sure to note down the database host, username, password, and port number.
5. Make sure you run the database server.

### Enviroment variables

Below are the required environment variables for the backend:

| Variable Name       | Description                                                                                    |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `DATABASE_HOST`     | Hostname or IP of the database (localhost if you run it locally)                               |
| `DATABASE_USERNAME` | Username to connect to database (if your are running locally, username to your mysql database) |
| `DATABASE_PASSWORD` | Password for the database user (if your are running locally, password to your mysql database)  |
| `DATABASE_PORT`     | Database port number (by default 3306)                                                         |
| `DATABASE_NAME`     | Name of the database (flight_application)                                                      |
| `JWT_SECRET_KEY`    | Secret key for JWT signing                                                                     |

---

### Launching project
1. Open a terminal at the **pom.xml** level.
2. Run the following command:
   ```sh
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```
---
