backend-Idata2306/sprintReports/sprintreportIdata2306_9.md, before:

# **Sprint Report**

Sprint master: Daniel
Sprint stenographer: Daniel

## **Sprint Overview**

- **Sprint Number:** Sprint 9
- **Duration:** 08.05.2025 - 15.05.2025
- **Sprint Goal:** Images and some endpoints
- **Team Members:**
  - Tobias Olsen Reiakvam - TobyJavascript
  - Adrian Gjøsund Bjørge - Osterie / Adrian Gjøsund Bjørge
  - Daniel Selbervik - Daniel

---

## **Sprint Summary**

- **Total Planned Work:**
- Add table for company
- Endpoints for pages
- Better searching

- **Completed Work:**


- **Not Completed:**


---

## **Sprint Progress**

| Story/Task                       | Assignee | Status        | Story Points | Comments     |
| -------------------------------- | -------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Endpoints for purchasing         | Daniel   | In progress   | [5]          |              |
| Finish Endpoint for favoriting   | Tobias   | In progress   | [3]          |              |
| Try using docker                 | Everyone | Not Completed | [3]          |              |
| Https connection                 | Everyone | Not completed | [6]          |              |
| Find Images for flights          | Adrian   | Not completed | [3]          |              |
| Add company table                | Tobias   | Completed     | [5]          |              |
| Made initializer for companies   | Tobias   | Completed     | [5]          |              |
| Add company logos for company    | Tobias   | Not completed | [5]          |              |
| Comment                          | Everyone | Not completed | [8]          |              |
| Further error loggers            | Everyone | Not completed | [6]          |              |
| Finish reccomended cards         | Daniel   | In progress   | [5]          |              |
| Add purchasing date to purchases | Adrian   | Not completed | [3]          | Low priority |
| Endpoint for hidden flight       | Daniel   | Not completed | [4]          |              |



---

Commit message:

Updated sprint reports after sprint review

backend-Idata2306/sprintReports/sprintreportIdata2306_9.md, after:

# **Sprint Report**

Sprint master: Daniel
Sprint stenographer: Daniel

## **Sprint Overview**

- **Sprint Number:** Sprint 9
- **Duration:** 08.05.2025 - 15.05.2025
- **Sprint Goal:** Images and some endpoints
- **Team Members:**
  - Tobias Olsen Reiakvam - TobyJavascript
  - Adrian Gjøsund Bjørge - Osterie / Adrian Gjøsund Bjørge
  - Daniel Selbervik - Daniel

---

## **Sprint Summary**

- **Total Planned Work:**
- Add table for company
- Endpoints for pages
- Better searching

- **Completed Work:**
Finish Endpoint for favoriting     
Find Images for flights            
Add company table                  
Made initializer for companies     
Finish reccomended cards           
Add purchasing date to purchases   

- **Not Completed:**
Endpoints for purchasing     
Try using docker                   
Https connection                   
Comment                            
Further error loggers              
Endpoint for getting hidden flight 

---

## **Sprint Progress**

| Story/Task                         | Assignee | Status        | Story Points | Comments     |
| ---------------------------------- | -------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Endpoints for purchasing           | Daniel   | In progress   | [5]          |              |
| Finish Endpoint for favoriting     | Tobias   | Completed     | [3]          |              |
| Try using docker                   | Everyone | Not Completed | [3]          |              |
| Https connection                   | Everyone | Not completed | [6]          |              |
| Find Images for flights            | Adrian   | Completed     | [3]          |              |
| Add company table                  | Tobias   | Completed     | [5]          |              |
| Made initializer for companies     | Tobias   | Completed     | [5]          |              |
| Add company logos for company      | Adrian   | Completed     | [5]          |              |
| Comment                            | Everyone | Not completed | [8]          |              |
| Further error loggers              | Everyone | Not completed | [6]          |              |
| Finish reccomended cards           | Daniel   | Completed     | [5]          |              |
| Add purchasing date to purchases   | Adrian   | Completed     | [3]          | Low priority |
| Endpoint for getting hidden flight | Daniel   | Not completed | [4]          |              |

## **Retrospective**
We added more tasks then we excpected to be able to complete in this sprint which resulted in us not completing every task, but resulted in us completing more tasks then in our other sprints.

---
